Note on the folder structure for annotations (#868)
contao/docs: docs/dev/framework/hooks.md

{{< version "4.8" >}}

Contao also supports its own annotation formats via the [Service Annotation Bundle][ServiceAnnotationBundle].
This means that it is only necessary to create one file for the respective adaptation. It should be noted,

> however, that one adheres to the provided [Contao folder structure][ContaoFolderStructure].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
however, that one has to adhere to the provided [Contao folder structure][ContaoFolderStructure].
```

> however, that one has to adhere to the provided [Contao folder structure][ContaoFolderStructure].

Reviewer 2: @zonky2 this applies to everything, not just hooks. Also using DCA files in `src/Resources/contao`, like you did, should not cause any troubles with the service auto registration of the Contao Managed Edition. Something else must have been the issue.

Author: DCA files in `src/Resources/contao` works fine!

> Hooks can be registered using the `@Hook` Annotation. See the following example:

Reviewer: has to adhere to

Author: @fiedsch add diff in your comment pls

Reviewer: will do so later, when I’m on my computer. I‘m using my cellphone atm.

Reviewer: Here you go (hope I did the diff proposal correctly).
